morning Prince I had your favorite dish
lovely
the snob time for a new DJ slob it's
time to grab some chow
before I eat your liver with some fava
beans and a nice Chianti
are you blind to London I thought she'd
never leave
I gotta go pack please don't we gotta
put an end to this torture
America's favorite fat cat is headed to
the UK this Garfield
water Sanya but when a simple mix-up
Garfield what some devil is a Garfield
has them trading places Prince I found
you oh dear help please contact they'll
see get a load of this dump
your harness you all the lost heir to
the throne everything here is yours it's
good to be king how the other half lives
what gruel is this Garfield when you say
no to lasagna you do realize I'm a catch
don't you sir when the going gets tough
the great ones part
it's time to March not hot bowl of
you talkin to me froggy got little OD OD
no don't do the ugly American thing the
British are coming the British are
coming
Garfield a tale of two kitties is this
castle make my butt look a little too
big